# Persistence Diagram Generator with User Input Function Value
Given results files generated by code here(https://github.com/Nevermore520/NeuronTools), this code will create persistence diagram files for each one. Note that the input files should contains user defined function value in order to generate persistence diagrams.

# usage
Refer to README file in NeuronTools(https://github.com/Nevermore520/NeuronTools) for details on how to run this code and provide arguments in Eclipse.
The main function is in main.cpp <br/>

It needs two arguments. The first one is the path to the folder that contains result files generated by code here(https://github.com/Nevermore520/NeuronTools). The second one is the path to a new folder that will contain the result persistence diagram files. <br/>

## Input File Format
First line contains two numbers N and E, specifying how many nodes and how many edges in the result graph, which is a tree.<br/>
The following N lines each contains three floating point number specifying position of each node.<br/>
The following E lines each contains two integer specifying two node IDs, which means these two nodes are connected. <br/>
And the following N lines each contains one number specifying the function value for that node. The node order in this part is the same as it in the first part above.

## Output File Format
Each file contains serveral lines and each line contains two floating point number specifying the position of a point in the persistence diagram.

Under contruction...
